\begindata{text,17076184}
\textdsversion{12}
\template{default}
\center{ 
\majorheading{\majorheading{\center{BYLAWS}}}}\majorheading{\majorheading{

\center{KGB}}}


\chapter{\center{ARTICLE I}

\center{\center{NAME AND OBJECTIVES}}}

 

Section 1. The name of the organization shall be KGB.


Section 2. The objectives of the organization shall be:


\indent{a. to promote a spirit of fellowship among its members.

 

b. to take an active and positive role in campus life.

}
Section 3. The organization shall not be conducted or operated for profit and 
no part of any profits or remainder or residue from dues, donations, or other 
sources of income to the organization shall inure to the personal benefit of 
any member or individual.


\chapter{\center{ARTICLE II}

\center{DEFINITIONS}}


Section 1. Standing Definitions. The terms defined as follows shall be 
considered standing definitions:

 

\indent{a. Majority. A majority shall be defined as a number greater then 
one-half (1/2), or fifty percent (50%), of the total.


b. Organization Quorum. A quorum of the organization is required in order to 
hold meetings as set forth in Article 4, Sections 1 and 2, and shall be either 
a majority of the voting members or seventy-five percent (75%) of the active 
members.


c. Board Quorum. A quorum of the Board is required in order to hold meetings 
set forth in Article 4, Sections 3 and 4, and shall be a majority of the Board 
members.


d. Written Petitions. All written petitions shall bear the signatures of 
either ten (10) members, or twenty percent (20%) of the voting membership, 
whichever is greater.


e. Member in good standing. A member is in good standing whose dues are 
current and whose other monetary obligations to the organization are not over 
sixty (60) days in arrears.


f. Voting member. A voting member is a member in good standing who has 
attended at least one (1) previous meeting and is an Activities Fee paying 
student.


g. Mailing. A mailing may be by physical or electronic means.


h. Active Member.  An active member shall be a voting member who has attended 
one of the three (3) previous regular organization meetings as set forth in 
Article 4, Section 1.

}
Section 2. Provisional Definitions. All terms not previously defined as 
standing Definitions shall be defined according to the current edition of 
WEBSTER'S NEW COLLEGIATE DICTIONARY.


\chapter{\center{ARTICLE III}

\center{MEMBERSHIP}}\center{

}
Section 1. Membership. Each individual voting member shall have one (1) vote. 
Each member shall receive one (1) copy of any notices, publications or other 
distributed documents of the organization.


Section 2. Becoming a Member.  Any person whose dues have been paid to the 
Treasurer shall be considered a member.


Section 3. Dues. Membership dues for the next year shall be suggested annually 
by the Executive Board in March, and approved or changed by the voting 
membership at the April meeting.  Dues shall be payable on or before the 
thirtieth day of September each year.


Section 4. Termination. Memberships may be terminated voluntarily:


\indent{a. by resignation. Any member may resign from the organization upon 
written notice to the Recording Secretary.


b. by lapsing. A membership will be considered as lapsed and automatically 
terminated if such member's dues remain unpaid thirty (30) days after the 
deadline for payment of dues.  However, the Executive Board may grant an 
additional thirty (30) days grace period to such delinquent members in 
exceptional cases. In no case may a person be entitled to vote at any 
organization meeting whose dues are unpaid as of the date of that meeting, or 
who are sixty (60) days in arrears of other monetary obligations to the 
organization.

}
Section 5. Refund of Dues. Membership dues will not be refunded either wholly 
or in part for any reason save extreme circumstances as determined by the 
membership.


Section 6. Benefits of Membership. All members in good standing shall recieve 
all benefits of membership except as stipulated in the bylaws.\underline{

}

\chapter{\center{ARTICLE IV}

\center{MEETINGS AND VOTING}}


Section 1. Regular organization Meetings. Regular meetings of the organization 
shall be held as directed by the Executive Board.  Written notice of such 
meetings shall be mailed to the membership at least six (6) days prior to the 
date of the first such meeting of each semester by the Corresponding Secretary 
through the official organization newsletter or by other mailing.


Section 2. Special organization Meetings. Special meetings of the organization 
may be called by the President, or by a majority vote of the members of the 
Executive Board who are present and voting at any regular or special meeting 
of the Board, or by the Recording Secretary upon receipt of a written 
petition.  Written notice of such meetings shall be mailed by the 
Corresponding Secretary at least three (3) and not more than fifteen (15) days 
prior to the date of the meeting. Such notice shall state the purpose(s) of 
the meeting, and no other organization business may be transacted thereat.


Section 3. Regular Executive Board Meetings. Regular meetings of the Executive 
Board shall be held as directed by the Board, with a minimum of two (2) such 
meetings per semester.  Notice of each such meeting shall be given to the 
membership by the President at least five (5) days prior to the date of the 
meeting. Such meetings shall be closed to non-members of the organization 
unless the individual(s) should be specifically invited by the Board, in which 
case the cause for the non-member presence shall be the first order of 
business, and after which the non-member may be asked to leave the meeting.


Section 4. Special Executive Board Meetings. Special meetings of the Executive 
Board may be called by the President, or by the Recording Secretary upon the 
receipt of a written petition signed by at least three (3) members of the 
Board.  Notice of such meetings shall be given to the membership at least five 
(5) days prior to the meeting.  Such notice shall state the purpose of the 
meeting and no other business may be transacted thereat.  In addition, all 
restrictions in Section 3 of this article shall apply to special meetings of 
the Board.


Section 5. Emergency Board Meetings.  Emergency meetings of the Board may be 
called by the President or First Vice-President and may be held by phone. 
 Notice of such meetings shall be given to the officers at least one (1) day 
prior to the meeting.  Any majority decision reached will be entered into the 
minutes of the next regular Board meeting.


Section 6. Voting. Each voting member shall be entitled to one (1) vote at any 
regular meeting of the organization at which the member is present. Proxy 
voting will not be permitted at any organization meeting or election excepting 
extenuating circumstances, in which case the proxy must be counter-signed by 
either the President or the First Vice-President.


\chapter{\center{ARTICLE V}

\center{OFFICERS AND REPRESENTATIVES}}


Section 1. Executive Board. The officers of the organization shall constitute 
the Executive board.  The power necessary for the general management of the 
organization's affairs shall be entrusted to the Board, except as follows.


\indent{a. The Board shall be subject to the orders of the organization, and 
none of its acts shall conflict with action taken by the organization, and the 
organization may countermand any decision of the board by a majority vote, 
thus opening up the question for consideration by the organization.


b. The board shall not distribute the organization's funds except as directed 
by the organization.

}
Section 2. Officers. The organization officers, consisting of the following, 
shall serve in their respective capacities both with regard to the 
organization and its meetings and the Board and its meetings.


\indent{a. The President shall preside at all meetings of the organization and 
of the Board, and shall have the duties and powers normally applicable to the 
office of President in addition to these Bylaws.


b. The First Vice-President shall have the duties and exercise the powers of 
the President in case of the President's death, absence, or incapacity.


c. The Second Vice-President shall be in charge of fellowship and shall 
actively recruit new members and organize fellowship activities.


d. The Recording Secretary shall keep a record of all meetings of the 
organization and of the Board and of all matters of which a record shall be 
ordered by the organization.  The Recording Secretary  keep a roll of the 
members of the organization with applicable information, and carry out such 
other duties as are prescribed in these Bylaws.


e. The Corresponding Secretary shall have charge of all correspondence 
pertinent to the organization other than the correspondence reserved for the 
Recording Secretary and Treasurer. The Corresponding Secretary shall be the 
Editor of the organization Newsletter.


f. The Treasurer shall collect and receive all moneys due or belonging to the 
organization, and shall deposit the same in a bank satisfactory to the Board, 
in the name of the organization. The Treasurer's books shall be open at all 
times to the inspection of the Board, and the Treasurer shall report to the 
Board and the general membership at every meeting the condition of the 
organization's finances. At the annual meeting, the Treasurer shall render an 
account of all moneys received and expended during the previous fiscal year. 
During the month of September the Treasurer shall send to each member a 
statement of dues for the ensuing year. The Treasurer shall disperse funds as 
directed by the Executive Board and all checks must be signed by two (2) 
officers of the Board.  The Treasurer shall also be responsible for filing all 
financial forms applicable to the organization.


g. The Sergeant-at-Arms shall assist in preserving order as the chair may 
direct, and other duties as set forth in the standing rules of order.

}
Section 3. Officer Requirements. All Officers of the organization shall be 
organization voting members in good standing.


Section 4. Vacancies. Any vacancy of an officer position occurring on the 
Board during the year shall be filled for the unexpired term of office by a 
majority vote of all the remaining members of the Board by the second regular 
meeting of the board following the creation of such vacancy.


Section 5. Recall of Officers. Any officer may be recalled for misconduct or 
dereliction of duty. A written petition, stating the reason(s) for recall, 
shall be filed with the Recording Secretary. Written notice of such petition 
shall be included in the notice of the next regular meeting of the 
organization. A hearing on the matter will be held at that meeting, and a 
two-thirds (2/3) vote of the voting members present and voting will be 
required to sustain the recall.


Section 6. Seniority. Seniority of offices is: President, First 
Vice-President, Second Vice-President, Recording Secretary, Treasurer, and 
Sergeant-at-Arms.


\chapter{\center{ARTICLE VI}

\center{ORGANIZATION YEAR, ANNUAL MEETING, ELECTIONS}}


Section 1. Organization Year. The organization's fiscal year shall begin on 
the first day of September and end on the thirty-first day of August. The 
organization's official year shall begin immediately at the conclusion of the 
election at the annual meeting and shall continue through the election at the 
next annual meeting.


Section 2. Annual Meeting. No later than the last meeting in the month of 
December the board shall set the date for the Annual Meeting.  The annual 
meeting shall be held in the month of April of each year.  At the Annual 
Meeting the Officers for the ensuing year shall be elected by secret, written 
ballot from among those nominated in accordance with Section 4 of this 
article. They shall take office immediately upon the conclusion of the 
election and each retiring officer shall relinquish all properties and records 
relating to that office within fifteen (15) days after the election.


Section 3. Elections. The nominated candidate receiving a majority of the 
votes cast for each office shall be declared elected. If there are three (3) 
or more candidates for any single office, and no candidate receives a majority 
of the vote, the candidate receiving the fewest votes will be deleted from the 
ballot and the voting membership will vote again on the remaining candidates 
until a majority has been declared.


Section 4. Nominations. No person may be a candidate in an organization 
election who has not been nominated or who is not a voting organization member 
in good standing. During the last quarter of the official year the Executive 
Board shall select a Nominating Committee consisting of three (3) members and 
two (2) alternates, not more than one (1) of whom shall be a member of the 
Board. The Recording Secretary shall immediately notify the committee members 
and alternates of their selection.  The Board shall name a Chairperson for the 
committee and it shall be this person's duty to call a committee meeting which 
shall be held on or before March 1.


\indent{a. The committee shall nominate at least one (1) candidate for each 
office, and after securing the consent of each person so nominated, shall 
immediately report their nominations to both the Recording and Corresponding 
Secretaries in writing.


b. Upon receipt of the Nominating Committee's report, the Corresponding 
Secretary shall on or before April 1, notify each member in writing of the 
candidates so nominated.


c. Additional nominations may be made at any meeting after the report of the 
nominating committee and before the annual meeting by any member in attendance 
provided that the person so nominated does not decline when his or her name is 
proposed, and provided further that if the proposed candidate is not in 
attendance at this meeting, the proposer shall present to the Recording 
Secretary a written statement of the candidate's willingness to be so 
nominated.  A }voting\indent{ member may be nominated and run for more than 
one (1) office, but shall only be allowed to hold one (1) office.


d. Nominations cannot be made at the annual meeting or in any manner other 
than as provided for in this section.

}
\chapter{\center{ARTICLE VII}

\center{COMMITTEES}}


Section 1. The Board may each year appoint standing committees to advance the 
work of the organization. Special committees may also be appointed by the 
Board to aid it on particular projects. Such committees shall always be 
subject to the final authority of the Board.


Section 2. Any committee appointment may be terminated by the Board upon 
written notice to the appointee, and the Board may appoint successors to those 
persons whose services have been terminated.


\chapter{\center{ARTICLE VIII}

\center{REPRIMAND, SUSPENSION, AND EXPULSION}}


Section 1. Any member of the organization shall be held accountable for any 
conduct considered injurious to the organization or its purposes and 
objectives. The gravity of such conduct shall first be considered at a hearing 
before the Executive Board.  Considering said charges of conduct, the Board 
may, at its discretion, enforce any of the following punitive actions:


\indent{a. Reprimand. The Board may reprimand the member for minor offenses, 
which can include, but shall not be limited to, written reprimand, verbal 
warning, restitution, or organization service.


b. Suspension. For offenses of a more serious nature, the Board may suspend 
membership privileges of the member for any length of time, up to the next 
Annual Meeting of the organization.


c. Expulsion. Considering the most heinous of offenses, the Board may propose 
to the organization membership expulsion of the member. The organization shall 
then vote at the next Regular Meeting of the organization, and the proposal 
for expulsion shall require the affirmative vote of at least a two-thirds 
(2/3) majority of the members present and voting at said meeting.

}
Section 2. Any member so charged shall be given written notice of said hearing 
at least ten (10) days prior to that hearing, and such member shall have the 
right to be present at said hearing for the purposes of defense.


Section 3. Any member affected by Section 1, Parts (a) and (b), of this 
Article, shall have thirty (30) days to appeal said proceedings. Written 
notice of appeal shall be presented to the Recording Secretary. The Board 
shall then, in turn, present the matter to the voting membership at the next 
Regular organization meeting.  An affirmative vote of two-thirds (2/3) 
majority of the voting members present and voting at said meeting shall be 
required to sustain the actions of the Board.


Section 4. Any person whose membership is terminated according to Section 1 of 
this article must present his or her application for reinstatement to the 
Executive Board for approval prior to being voted upon by the general 
membership.


\chapter{\center{ARTICLE IX}

\center{PARLIAMENTARY AUTHORITY}}


The rules contained in the current edition of ROBERT'S RULES OF ORDER NEWLY 
REVISED shall govern the organization in all cases to which they are 
applicable and in which they are not inconsistent with these Bylaws and any 
special rules of order the organization may adopt.


\chapter{\center{ARTICLE X}

\center{AMENDMENTS}}


Section 1. Amendments to the Bylaws may be proposed by the Executive Board or 
by written petition addressed to the Recording Secretary. Amendments proposed 
by such petition shall be promptly considered by the Board and must be 
submitted to the members with the recommendations of the Board by the 
Recording Secretary for a vote within thirty (30) days of the date when the 
petition was received by the Recording Secretary.


Section 2. The Bylaws may be amended by a two-thirds (2/3) vote of the voting 
members present and voting at any regular or special meeting called for the 
purpose, provided the proposed amendments have been included in the notice of 
the meeting and mailed to each member at least six (6) days prior to the date 
of the meeting.


\chapter{\center{ARTICLE XI

DONATIONS}}


The organization may accept donations in the form of money, equipment or other 
property to be used for the exclusive benefit of the membership, provided 
however, that all contributions and donations to the organization shall be 
subject to approval by the Board.


\center{\chapter{\center{ARTICLE XII

DISSOLUTION}}}


The organization may be dissolved at any time by the written consent of not 
less than two-thirds (2/3) of the voting members in good standing. In the 
event of the dissolution of the organization, whether voluntary or involuntary 
or by operation of law, none of the property of the organization nor any 
proceeds thereof nor any assets of the organization shall be distributed to 
any members of the organization. After payment of the debts of the 
organization, its property and assets shall be given to a similar organization 
or sold and the money donated to a charitable organization selected by the 
Executive Board.


\center{\chapter{\center{ARTICLE XIII

ORDER OF BUSINESS}}}


Section 1. At meetings of the organization, the order of business, so far as 
the character and nature of the meeting may permit, shall be as follows:


\indent{a. Calling the roll

b. Reading and correction of the minutes of the last regular organization 
meeting and any special meetings or Board meetings held in the interim

c. Reports of officers

d. Reports of committees

e. Unfinished business

f. New business

g. Elections (at annual meeting)

h. Announcements

}
Section 2. At meetings of the Board, the order of business, unless otherwise 
directed by majority vote of those present, shall be as follows:


\indent{a. Reading and correction of the minutes of the last regular Board 
meeting and any special meetings or organization meetings held in the interim

b. Report of the 1st Vice President

c. Report of the 2nd Vice President

d. Report of the Recording Secretary

e. Report of the Corresponding Secretary

f. Report of the Treasurer

g. Report of Sergeant-at-arms

h. Reports of Committees

i. Old business

j. New business

}\enddata{text,17076184}
